First Meeting (01/11/24)
  Members attended; Fin Cutland, Yong Guo, Shenglong Xie, Anthony Edwards
  Meeting Discussions; Discussed the overall idea of the password management application, the reasoning behind it, the abilities of each group member.


Second Meeting (15/11/24)
  Members attended; Fin Cutland, Yong Guo, Shenglong Xie, Anthony Edwards
  Meeting Discussions; further reinforced how essential our application is and also how it stands out from the other password managment applications.

Third Meeting (29/11/24)
  Memebers attended; Tyler Bennett, Fin Cutland, Yong Guo, Anthony Edwards
  Meeting Discussions; Fin - Going to make paper drawn storyboard, figma design, continue the project plan, look into getting a server setup, Tyler - Going to look into Google APIs and begin a basic prototype,         going to have a group call to straighten things out between members.

Team Meeting (12/12/24)
  Members attended; Fin Cutland, Yong Guo, Shenglong Xie
  Meeting Discussions; Ensured Shenglong and Yong both have a solid idea of what we are all working on and where we are currently at.
  

Fourth Meeting (13/12/24)
  Member attended; Fin Cutland, Yong Guo
  Meeting Discussions; Discussed submission expectations, discussed youtube video submission, discussed recent team efforts and meetings.

Semester Two Meeting (07/02/25)
  Members attended; Fin Cutland, Yong Guo, Shenglong Xie
  Meeting Disucssions; Broken down specific roles for semester two:
      Fin Cutland - Project Manager
      Yong Guo - Lead Designer 
      Shenglong Xie - Lead Software Engineer
  Developed current and urgent tasks such as cleaning up repository.
  Discussed the future use of Trello and how we will use it to break down features and tasks to ensure they are easier to understand and follow and to further reduce chance of any collisions when coding.

Meeting Two (14/02/25) 
  Members attended; Fin Cutland, Yong Guo, Shenglong Xie
  Meeting Discussions; Covered objectives completed in the past week. Ensured the team roles are clear and stable for each member.
                        Discuessed the next sprints objectives and targets including the database setup, basic app functionality, and to begin the final report.
